Wolf-hearted guy
See how you beg me in the future
Who is so unqualified?
You are on the road
Lu Xiao Pudding still dares to say that others have no quality
Ah, Mr. Feng
You are better
It's all right.
It must have been Fangyuan who drugged me.
Fortunately, I have you today.
No sweat.
It's that Chen Tianshi is really not a thing
I'm kind to help him
He still wants to ban me
What? Chen Tianshi wants to ban you?
Then you're screwed.
It's okay, lucky people have their own heaven
What are you afraid of? I'll help you. From tomorrow onwards
You go back to work in the store
Salary as usual
What do you think of being a handyman?
Thank you, Mr. Feng is fine
Bridge, aren't you blocked?
How dare you come to our store?
Sister, why are you still with him?
As of today?
He continues to go back to our store to work, sister, you are crazy
He is now a banned street rat
No one else can hide
And you brought him back?
Anyway.
He helped us get back the treasure of the town store
Just being a handyman, it's alright, sister
Boss Wang
Fang Yun, what are you doing here?
knowingly ask
Of course I came here to collect the money.
Anyway, your store is about to expire, right?
Ah, I'll get the money.
It's You